[IMP] POS: improve and update the barcode page (text & screenshots) (#3163)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/shop/barcode.rst

========
Barcodes
========

Using a barcode scanner to process point-of-sale orders improves your efficiency in providing
quicker customer service.

Configuration
=============

To use a barcode scanner, you must enable the feature in the Inventory app. Go to
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings`, in the :guilabel:`Barcode` section, tick
:guilabel:`Barcode Scanner` and save.

.. image:: barcode/barcode-inventory.png
   :align: center
   :alt: barcode setting in the Inventory application

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Set up a barcode scanner<../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/setup/hardware>`
   - :doc:`Activate barcode scanners<../../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/barcode/setup/software>`

Once enabled in **Inventory**, you can use the barcode feature in **Point of Sale** with products
that have a barcode number assigned.

Assign barcodes
===============

To your products
----------------

To use this feature in POS, your products must have barcodes assigned. To do so, go to
:menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Products --> Products` and open a **product form**. Add a barcode
number in the :guilabel:`Barcode` field in the :guilabel:`General Information` tab.

> To your employees

Reviewer: I would mention somewhere before the configuration that forcing cashiers to log in before using a POS is another use of barcodes

Author: I'll add a part in the intro to mention both uses since the whole page is divided between employees and products

-----------------

To add an identification number to an employee, go to the **Employees** app and open an **employee

> form**. Enter your employee identification number in the :guilabel:`PIN Code` field in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
form**. Choose an identification number for your employee in the :guilabel:`PIN Code` field in the
```
I assume you can choose. Saying "enter" made me think it was somehow previously generated (i.e. that I should know what is my PIN Code)

Author: You're right; you can choose whatever pin code for an employee.

:guilabel:`HR Settings` tab.

Use barcodes
============

> 

Reviewer: Maybe divide the "Use barcodes" in two sub-headings in a similar fashion to the configuration part?

> Scan a product's barcode using a barcode scanner. Doing so adds it  directly to the cart. To change

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scan a product's barcode using a barcode scanner. Doing so adds it directly to the cart. To change
```

the quantity, scan a product as many times as needed, or click :guilabel:`Qty` and enter the number
of products using the keypad.

You can also enter the barcode number manually in the search bar to look for the product. Then,
click it to add it to the cart.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Get started <../overview/getting_started>`

Log employees
-------------

You can also use a barcode scanner to log your employees. To do so, :ref:`restrict access
<restrict-employee-pos>` to the POS, set an :ref:`identification number <set-pin-code>` to your

> employees, and :ref:`use barcodes to log your employees in <employee-barcode>` your POS.

Reviewer: The set an identification number part is already mentioned in the configuration part. Not sure it's useful to repeat it?

Author: You're right, I took it off since it's explained just above
